- [Instructor] In order to be successful in this course
there are a few prerequisites that we need to discuss.
This course is about Kubernetes operators,
and as such Kubernetes is a key prerequisite.
You will need access to a Kubernetes Cluster,
either locally, on your network, or in the cloud.
You will find that kind
is a valid tool kit for local development.
Kind is very easy to install on most operating systems,
especially Linux or BSD-based ones.
Consider a VM if you are using Windows,
but it will work on Windows Professional too.
I will be using kind for my local development.
Kind itself, if you choose to go that route,
will require Docker.
Again, there's very clear installation instructions
for getting Docker running on your machine,
but I assume if you have used Kubernetes
then you've already got Docker running.
Minikube will also work if you choose to use that.
The importance is Kubernetes, not how you get it.
And with all that being said you will need kubectl,
or Kube Cuddle, depending on how you say it,
either way you need this with an appropriate configuration
pointing to your Kubernetes Cluster
that you are going to be using for this operator.
Kubernetes and many of the tools are built using Go,
and our operator framework is no exception.
You will need to have the Go language installed
on your machine and a proper GOPATH set.
Now, I will be using Go version 1.17.5
at the time of this recording,
but I tend to keep my Go version up to date at all times.
You will also need a basic understanding
of the language itself.
If you have not used Go before
I would suggest you pause this course
and jump into one of the Go courses
here on LinkedIn Learning so you can get up to speed.
We will be using Go mod for dependency management.
If you have not used it before it's pretty straightforward,
but it would be worth a look
before going too much further so that you could understand
how all of the dependencies are going to be managed.
And we will have several dependencies
throughout this course.
Now, Kubebuilder is a software development kit
that we will use in this course.
Kubebuilder itself uses the Go language
to extend Kubernetes.
This will be the SDK that we use to define our APIs
and CRDs for our operator.
It isn't the only SDK for building an operator however,
but it is the most low level, at least in my opinion,
which makes it a great tool for learning
the ins and outs of building an operator.
But you will need to install this tool
after you have Go installed.
The Kubebuilder website has some great details
on installing their software.
Since this is an advanced course
I'm not going to walk you through these steps,
just know that you're going to need this tool
and have it on your path.
Now, the final dependency for this course
is Amazon Web Services.
You're going to simply need a free account.
We will use that AWS account within our operator
leveraging the Go SDK that they provide,
and we're going to use that to build cloud resources
as part of our operator.
But more on that project later.
The important thing here is that you need to have
an AWS free account.
Furthermore, I'm going to recommend you do
a couple more things.
I'm going to recommend that you install the AWS CLI
because it's going to give you a quick and easy way
to actually check what's going on with AWS
and to really inspect the actual web calls
that you're going to need to make through the SDK,
and I'm also going to recommend that you go ahead
and build an IAM user that has admin rights
and go ahead and configure that through AWS Configure.
Again, this is just my recommendation to help you through.
It's not something we're going to use in this course.
It's just my experience of using AWS,
sometimes that CLI makes figuring out the APIs a lot easier.
Again, the important part here is the AWS account
that you're going to need.